Person01: I also called now i'm your man, thank you for wanting to do this and being a part of this, you know.
Person01: You know I know you, I know I know you got some stories to tell them i'm sure you know, as you as we talk and stuff you might reflect on stuff that might come up or whatever don't be afraid to say whatever it is, you want to say no, I don't have to you don't have to censor.
yourself at all.
Person01: You know i'm saying so, he has to be as as as us, as you want to you know say.
Person01: Okay cuz uh yeah, I just wanted, I wanted to feel real like I don't want us to feel like we can't you know say stuff or curse or whatever you know i'm saying like just say whatever you you feel and let that be it.
Person01: So.
Person01: Person03 I know you got a list of questions and.
Person01: an entrepreneur probably just go more so, like freestyle and riff off, of whatever we talking about at the time, but I guess if we could start.
Person01: let's just do some basic information, you know saying about you so basically like tell me your name and then who your parents are and then you know.
Person01: You know how you related to the kingston family so like like who, like those are your parents, but also say, like you know you can your connection to like granddad or grandpa just say like that part's alright.
Person02: Alright cool.
Person02: Thank you guys, for having me it's a pleasure.
Person02: So, my name is Person02 cancel.
Person02: You will hear it out key his voice is coming up.
Person02: Okay let's do something okay so.
Person02: So Person02 cancel.
Person02: My dad is Milton Keynes and jr and.
Person02: forth related cancers that.
Person02: He is the son of meals and cancel senior allows a cancer so so that's how it falls long for me on the side of cancer banner side, I am not the cancer juniors side and you're the one of my sons, I actually I have four kids myself.
Person02: But Meyer.
Person02: she's my daughter she's the oldest my attention and then the water was Michael he's for Michael Hansen, and did, I have two young ones, which is monro which is sleep Moroz to, and I have a way to sort of be one yo and about truly Murphy.
Person03: Man yeah.
Person02: My wife Tamar yeah so my household for.
Person02: Which is like she has encouraged me to continue on the legacy of having five you don't get additional one more child hopefully.
Person02: A girl, like her, so she wanted me to have.
Person02: A room of five kids like she did, but I told him is it wrong.
Good so last.
Person02: week when we was home that she still hoping our them considering, and I can see it all I won't it.
Person02: won't be producing.
Person02: say.
Person03: Yes.
Person02: Yes, it is, it is a my dad's Milton jr and.
Person02: His dad was Milton senior I think a book and that was my granddad and your mom.
Person02: yeah good So here we go.
Person01: yeah there we go good good core, I want to let you go ahead with your question.
Person03: First of all, I was hoping you give us a basketball team, I wanted one moment so.
Person03: I guess, we lost our.
Person02: Draft.
Person03: I got a right right everybody Amina widow, I think you age within I wanted to get into your tcp parents with my question was how would you describe yourself.
Person02: How I would describe myself for personality, I guess, well for me i'm more of a family person I guess on.
Person02: i'm big on family, you know I mean.
Person02: protective of family, you know I mean just.
Person02: growing up, you know in my day growing up, he always said to me, you know you take a slow so you're just me and my my cancer my my sister my oldest daughter so she's younger so growing up, he always said, no matter what you do you know.
Person02: You take here, and you always protect your family so on up you know, and my problem with tesla even to this day i'm still very protective of her.
Person02: You know, saying so um I as having my own family now i'm very protective of them, you know I mean i'm teaching my kids watch out for each other.
Person02: siblings you know, make sure you take care of yourselves make a ticket your brother watch out for them, and even cousin me, I mean we you know I love it Person01 you a little bit younger, but still I mean, of course, we just.
Person02: We wrote together, I mean right Nick and Nick you know saying so, so I he probably know what if you were to go and swim together in southside middle school if he had an issue, the issue with me, you know i'm saying so.
Person02: yeah I mean you know it was just like that, when I when I told my courage and you know you had to issue heavily you had an issue with me so.
Person02: As we're all wrong, you know grew up being you take here you'd be closer to family now my dad is a business dinner with the family family, but you know, on the side of the closing that's that's how I grew up right so.
Person01: yeah that's cool and when you say so, like when you say like protective of family, I know you, you know the example that you gave his name was like.
Person01: You know, making sure nobody messes with you know us or somebody like, but what else do you think like can you expand on like What else do you mean by like taking care of your family protecting your family like How else do you envision that happening.
Person02: Well, I really think.
Person02: I really think is being just on.
Person02: I mean being there for each other, you know, Person01 I mean, I know, everybody you'd like to date to the day, we all grown and got our own lives and families and.
Person02: I you know I, my friends, may you know you you look up and months, been passed by you know saying, but.
Person02: Sometimes out the kids must have that for a moment think about y'all I need I need to go into a time and give you a call to say I doing you know I mean just hey what's going on, because again without.
Person02: me being married with kids with jobs, you know your time in the day will go by, and you look up you might have mentioned it, some weeks ago, here it is now it's a few months later, you know so.
Person02: Again I love see how you guys have grown with your lives careers know what your family, and you know saying in and just.
Person02: How we grew up man, you know as I can to you know i'm saying so.
Person02: I just want family man is real big for me.
Person02: yeah gotcha.
Person03: I wanted to go back a little bit tell people where did you grow up any nicknames you may have had pits etc, who was your best friend growing up.
Person02: I so growing up, I basically grew up on yes in South side i'll be then we moved to the West side all bedding.
Person02: I grew up with two best friends.
Person02: One guy Mike retail and the other guy Ross myth rob was a little bit older than us, but you know growing up man, you know he saw one you saw both.
Person02: feet, we used to have a bicycle so he called vehemently the ride a bicycle and we can walk on the street.
Person02: right on the back end backwoods we go to blue screens, which I live in riverdale wanted way back and stop off mo king and lit up on the road so.
Person02: I lived out there, but you can get given creaks in different roles you take to get to the to the flint river and we should write.
Person02: Once run everywhere, so you will see what you'll see all of us me Mike and raw ride my bicycle yeah we've got older they're all older than us seeing the first one had a car to drive.
Person02: And we will Pack in the car no rye rather him, you know you know individually COM I think we're actually located in my family we we had to move we moved off from from that from rebel and before that you know.
Person02: Before the flood my friend Mike his family had moved to make him with mom at the her job at a time, but they still had a home that will show was written it out.
Person02: But um I will go visit my mom you know, let me go visit making making the visit him and then you're not mo move from rivoli I will go back to know neighborhood holiday, you know, a rod or whatnot so nickname wise man, I had a few I mean my dad I was calling the age Kuhn.
Person02: My dad would call me Soto, it wasn't did they don't know where that came from.
Person02: me you saw my dad miss Taylor he received me.
Person02: yeah hey what's going on.
Person02: I don't know where it come from you know so.
Person02: No Soto, and.
Person02: Then, just to school, did you go to school.
Person03: I got I got I got.
Person01: To meet you mentioned.
Person02: there that we had like baby for a while the big baby.
Person02: football field man.
Person03: I remember shake.
Person03: shake for a minute.
Person02: There was a time I thought I was gonna be the next segment.
Person02: Alright, so.
Person03: let's.
Person02: get into the.
Person02: Sixth grade.
Person02: You are permitted me and probably three other guys had beard I was the other guy i'll say the hair oh sunlight the I came in here, he might tomorrow, but all he played basketball going South side, but he had a full of beer and nothing I had a beer.
Person02: My God I think my whole my dad.
Person03: that's right yeah yeah.
Person02: yeah man so but yeah you know.
Person02: And I guess you know i'd say me, of course, we're the same age, but even a look back at old pictures.
Person02: Especially with Craig shop, but you know do any holiday event any Easter event any crystals it out, but one particular person i'm always looking at his picture of me and trey trey Miller.
Person02: And, and the background, and I see one of the smell board, and you can almost see i'm almost as tall as the nonprofit tall tree.
Person02: yeah yeah it is mark is his brother trey brother will be upon him he ran into him a core about the same size i'm just standing tower over them.
Person02: yeah he thought I was probably two years old against older to them, we all are saying me so growing up, even in school.
Person02: I was more the bigger kids force height wise, you know, in a marriage school, you know so yeah I tell people you today, I think, when I got in middle school I don't think I grew anymore, I live a great I think I think.
Person02: pete hi while you know by time I got to high school and then, of course, our kids and up and you mark star kids you know my height stops the shadow kind of went away from okay.
Person03: So so Person01 he was in the sixth grade six feet whoa.
Person03: What a beer.
Person01: Beer, no spin off since Gray.
Person03: Man Person01 and.
Person03: He had he had to go to.
Person03: yeah it.
Person01: Was crazy.
Person01: So yeah.
Person01: You know it's crazy I look like just last just this week, I was looking at.
Person01: I don't know how where I saw that picture, but there's a picture.
Person01: On my phone or something from high school my senior year and in the picture like i'm standing there you know posted up, can I gotta go to.
Person01: You know, say I like this.
Person01: And I remember looking at now.
Person01: And I was sitting with ISIS.
Person01: Remember, like Okay, I know I had that much facial hair in high school.
Person01: High School she was like no.
Person01: Like left behind, or something.
Person02: I wanted to own like my son is it last year, the oldest last year was a senior in high school, I want to watch a basketball game they wanted their on one of his teammates had a full beard I was like man.
Person02: i'm in my having a beer.
Person02: yeah man so that's fun happy with the growth spurts and you're presenting his different ages and different time.
Person03: So go into that a little bit what sports did you play hockey etc.
Person02: So you know, again, you know I thought was gonna be shaped but I always grew up you know watching that all the bulls fans on for the team, while I would play football or basketball, you know.
Person02: You know I play like we play rightly basketball, and I really didn't get into the ymca, and so I got a little bit older, you know but.
Person02: For most while I will, I will try it for a team, you know I played on a team basketball, and then I play high school ninth or 10th grade year basketball without playing.
Person02: basketball, football I wish I would have viewed it got old, and I think I wish I would have you tried, you know baseball or even will try got more serious, I track I went and track.
Person02: And I spent a week I did this, and for me I didn't want to stop, who I am you know it just wasn't good, but I wish our stuck with he played a little bit more.
Person02: So yeah so your plan you know basketball and football or my arm my to sport coming up, and I really other than playing like neighborhood street ball.
Person02: And then, again, the chance go and play you know team sport, with the.
Person02: With the school I didn't really put the effort into it, I should have a crazy, we have the comes a knockin it's called core on.
Person02: My school now I talked to this coach you know he's coached at school, and he has kids that are sons middle school bullhorns son or daughter middle school age.
Person02: Yet I had asked him I said man, you know, are you going to use a game, and you know and now how things are, you know they got different trainers, you know.
Person02: The real yeah Max a son that trains a mixer and they were doing stuff with Robbie and it's you know people got a different.
Person02: Oh training that they do, and they go on.
Person02: and on he feels as though, so I asked him I said well you know you play they play ball in college, and I say, well, you are you son, the questions that I try to stay back on that, but I do.
Person02: encourage him when we go to the trainer do whatever you want on the trainer try to put that a emphasize that when you go to his will allow games.
Person03: mm hmm.
Person02: Then i'm saying cuz I was like my dad and is my dad plays cause he wasn't ever having to your dad was no i'm saying so.
Person03: You know.
Person02: i'm a grown up in the market he'd be real hard on his his son he played he wanted to.
Person02: Have a son, because I was accepted as a coach I did, are you, Sir, you know it's like a Monday I laid back in in place for that no.
Person02: He wasn't like hey I need look to the right, you know i'm saying yeah so I was like.
Person02: You know how do you feel about your son playing sport considering you play you know high level ways which I thought route from college yeah.
Person02: yeah he got started going to college play ball so he's like you know he's hard on them, but at same time he had a little son showed an interest for it, you don't saying.
Person02: shame for them so but he's a one thing he doesn't like not a solo practice something with a with a trainers and then does it really to show that say everyone's kind of playing a game.
Person03: Or what he's done I don't.
Person02: Know maybe we'll talk about again because i'm you know I kind of got discouraged and high school like you know, I was telling him, you got sort of fluid came and then it for right.
Person03: yep okay yep.
Person02: Just growing up again i'll go West on the West over did for me where's though you know, I was in school zone so that's all out coaxing West or was also.
Person02: got the middle school, you know you morose is right next to the side side time middle school, but in my mind my hey our new I was on the go to West as a result, go to West or play basketball I you know I will draw back for more answers.
Person02: You know, family just be about 6566.
Person02: yeah you know we'll have a problem with see my opinion I didn't work on again I didn't like who are you going to ymca still I mean.
Person02: I think my dad stopped working later here's the deal, I didn't go to go to the gym you know playground street ball, so I didn't want them I didn't work on my game at all so.
Person02: As I got to high school, I think, because of my height little bit just because i'm the coach new plan middle school and I had a little bit of skill Louis gears on it, I was able to make some of the teams.
Person02: But I didn't push myself or do or I should to kind of help sustain that skill level, as I got older.
Person03: Excuse me.
Person02: yeah I was gonna.
Person02: Tell them hey.
Person02: mama just came home glass I see money.
Person02: waking.
Person03: Up hey.
Person01: hey.
Person03: hey my row so good.
Person02: luck, he turned my head, I see me to that me here I got a camera on the baby's asleep.
Person02: So i'll say it's all about.
Person02: me plan middle school ball.
Person02: and playing high school ball I I didn't REACH, I guess, I didn't reach your full potential, I thought I should but going into playing football, I was more easier for me stay over there, so.
Person02: I got discouraged in high school because again my my freshman year, so I was saying, if the flood came 94 right I knew already when basketball camp was because I will just honed in on basketball.
Person02: I didn't get information I guess about football could have been because that time we had moved at summer as well, when you stay away from them.
Person02: But I don't I didn't get I didn't get any information for when football camp was so I missed that or going into the summer football camp Martin incoming freshman year.
Person02: When school starts at not as do they knew me from playing my previous years and the admin I tried I played them and I agree.
Person02: But our fan I missed opportunity megan varsity which a lot of them did when they went account that summer.
Person02: coming to our first year they all kind of play it bar so at least they they dress that with varsity you know cuz they wouldn't count.
Person02: yeah so that coach my freshman year started noticing me down in ninth grade, but my tigray year he left so he loved the summer, going to my team great year.
Person02: window somewhat of good he went to i'm not sure what caused her when I can't remember, now we know how the city code can hear coach right so now here my sophomore year the new head coach I move on i'm starting on varsity I was getting there slowly, but then.
Person01: Wait wait what what what position sorry.
Person02: So a couple of this I started out playing offers a guard.
Person02: defensive tackle so I was most often often side with obviously guard and there's some happen one disseminating the planet Center.
Person02: Here and move into a tackle downplay prepositions often the line yeah yeah and also play defensive tackle.
Person03: Okay.
Person02: Yes, we're not.
Person02: going to go open the garage door to door she she got.
Person02: As my.
Person03: Good.
Person02: hi so my my bear so.
Person02: Show mommy mommy reporter so.
Person02: I said, my tigray you have played orphans prepositions well yeah Center guard and tackle and then I was rotate out on defensive tackles well and.
Person02: So, and then, so my my sophomore year up blow my head that I thought you know your letters coming in, you know that that is coming in.
Person02: i'm like man, you know I mean at a time I received one from Alabama would they would that they would not there wasn't a powerhouse that they are today yeah misty they you know saying remember.
Person02: A couple more school with like interesting to me the one becomes a summer camp that fall and summers and stuff of that nature.
Person02: And then it will like we got an hour you go to be doing so do I get any better as me i'm out and I had a lot of the thing, even at home i'm not sure what happened and then.
Person02: I have my sophomore year my junior year I was receiving letters and then that coach leaves so my see come come to my senior so that coach leaves and now my senior I get a new coach right new coach like to a new school was it and skill coaches came in.
Person02: And letters, just like stop.
Person02: I can't I can't say RC I can't recall one that I got my senior.
Person01: Oh.
Person03: I don't know.
Person02: You know, saying.
Person02: paint a today, oh no so that kind of discouraging because I because I really want to go and play golf play ball.
Person02: You want to go out play ball.
Person02: And then, like a mom of like you know, maybe you're just walking arm in state i'm like man, I want to stay home you got one golf play ball.
Person03: yeah yeah.
Person02: I was always state and.
Person02: I think, by the time I started working you know working at JC penney and.
Person02: Just work opinionated and head coach his his wife was working there, but I will anything about that time I was like man, I want to go out play ball so.
Person02: I didn't I didn't go and pursue that nofollow i'm when I graduated from asking.
Person01: yo so.
Person03: not know that yeah.
Person01: i'm going to ask you about high school, but my what, how do you feel like you were like what do you feel like you are in the cool kid or the quiet type or you know where you're like a particular kind of click.
Person01: And maybe in the second question would be like what kind of music, are you listening to at that time.
Person02: Man so that second question, you know limit, all the way to no limit.
Person02: To pop.
Person02: Up i'm.
Person02: As mono live man man no limit was coming up at the hour scarface I really hadn't got an owner can say I really was huge he came he had to move out cast our cares no limit.
Person02: And scarface.
Person02: And Tupac.
Person02: Like I remember on the bus I don't know how heard but i'm in my junior year I remember to clock IQ I was in the books now like man some I see a pot there yeah and even today my quarterback or coordinate quarter proven, he was like man he seemed more easily to you for the most part.
Person02: Our hurt to you know.
Person02: He had on social media you had.
Person01: This this is pre Internet.
Person02: Right believe on, and right now, you know you know, say, so I can't remember how, how it came out I might have heard somebody say well ma'am I remember saying hey man pop.
Person02: Man, but so that was some of the news and i've learned to you know we even had the search may like the no limits soldiers and we will just take year they would take down.
Person02: yeah so so for us pause my.
Person02: Personnel I get for how was school man I wish I caught myself, I was quiet, but I mean.
Person02: I don't know about was.
Person02: Any in a cool class like cool key Ram because I play sports, you know whatnot but um I mean, I feel I went around a key I wouldn't have wanted to be a fad being class clown.
Person02: You know, mean, but I will I knew our TV that was jonah jokes you don't have time, Joe you know, I do have a class with a friend might wasn't he was older me, you know plans for the guys I knew them, you know i'm saying so.
Person02: I just finished I finished it out all the blend of all prizes man you're saying is I didn't I didn't even worse, though.
Person02: You know I don't want my encore outside your window, you had you had to the how to be diverse, you know how I work with people because you had a diverse.
Person02: School you know saying it wasn't it wasn't majority African American and whatnot you don't say you probably time I was there had had you know Caucasian white.
Person02: You know Caucasian black you know i'm saying so, I mean you, you had a blend of everything in your class for black and white, you know I mean it was crazy that when I got into.
Person02: The real world, I realized mood know hey it's more than just black and white, you know saying give her nationality, you know i'm saying so.
Person02: So, but yeah I mean i'll say it again, I don't have a problem, though by the handlebar problem me yeah you know, so I mean, so I guess I kind of started to face, you know I got the coup tout to the nurse no moon yeah can you approach me, you know you as opposed to.